

From peter@render.com Thu Nov  4 05:27:47 MET 1999
Received: from server01 (on-tor-blr-a58-01-1164.idirect.com [216.154.4.148])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6 (PHNE_17135)/8.8.6) with SMTP id FAA27086;
	Thu, 4 Nov 1999 05:27:24 +0100 (MET)
From: peter@render.com
Subject: $50,000 in 90 days!!!!!
Date: Wed, 3 Nov 1999 19:53:59
Message-Id: <865.21964.309191@server01>
Status: RO
X-Status: 

The following Business made a lot of money for me. Even if you
do not have a fincial crisis it is worth to try it!

READ THIS IF YOU WANT TO LEARN HOW TO EASILY MAKE THOUSANDS OF 
DOLLARS VERY FAST!!! You can do this while you wait for all the 
other MLM programs you joined to start working.

First I want to inform you that your link on our High Traffic 
FFA Page has expired. You will not receive any more emails from 
us until you post again. This is not a mailing list!

I HAVE TRASHED A LOT OF THESE IN THE PAST...BUT...DECIDED TO GIVE 
THIS ONE A SHOT!  DON'T JUDGE THIS TOO QUICKLY!  YOU WILL NOT 
REGRET 
THIS OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE SOME EASY, BIG, FAST/QUICK 'CASH'!


************************************************

Make your Mail Box & Computer a CASH MACHINE!!!

************************************************

Summary:

1. MLM opportunity with little work.
2. Legal way of getting people to send you $5. 
3. You will provide a report via e-mail for each $5 received.
4. They will in return sell these reports with you receiving 
revenue down four 
levels.

PLEASE READ ON. IT IS LONG, BUT WORTH THE TIME.

THE PROGRAM: INCREDIBLE $0 to $50,000 in 90 days!!! 
Don't laugh, it worked for me and will work for you!
 
You can earn $50,000 or more in next the 90 days sending e-mail. 
Seem
impossible? Read on for details.
 
AS SEEN ON NATIONAL TV
 
Thank you for your time and interest. This is the letter you've 
been
reading about in the news lately.  Due to the popularity of this 
letter
on the Internet, a major nightly news program recently devoted an 
entire
show to the investigation of the program described below to see if 
it
really can make people money.
 
The show also investigated whether or not the program was legal.  
Their
findings proved once and for all that there are absolutely no laws
prohibiting the participation in the program. This has helped to 
show
people that this is a simple, harmless and fun way to make some 
extra
money at home.
 
The results of this show have been truly remarkable. So many 
people are
participating that those involved are doing much better than ever
before.  Since everyone makes more as more people try it out, its 
been
very exciting to be a part of lately. You will understand once you
experience it.
 
HERE IT IS BELOW:
 
*** Print This Now For Future Reference ***
 
The following income opportunity is one you may be interested in 
taking
a look at. It can be started with VERY LITTLE investment and the 
income
return is TREMENDOUS!!!
 
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
 
If you would like to make at least $50,000 in less than 90 days!
Please read the enclosed program...THEN READ IT AGAIN!!!
 
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
 

THIS IS A LEGITIMATE, LEGAL, MONEYMAKING OPPORTUNITY.  It does not
require you to come into contact with people, do any hard work, 
and best
of all, you never have to leave the house except to get the mail. 
If you
believe that someday you'll get that big break that you've been 
waiting
for, THIS IS IT!  Simply follow the instructions, and your dreams 
will
come true. This multi-level e-mail order marketing program works
perfectly...100% EVERY TIME.
 
E-mail is the sales tool of the future. Take advantage of this
non-commercialized method of advertising NOW!!! The longer you 
wait, the
more people will be doing business using e-mail. Get your piece of 
this
action!!!
 
MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING (MLM) has finally gained respectability.  It 
is
being taught in the Harvard Business School, and both Stanford 
Research
and the Wall Street Journal have stated that between 50% and 65% 
of all
goods and services will be sold through multi-level methods by the 
mid
to late 1990's.  This is a Multi-Billion Dollar industry and of 
the
500,000 millionaires in the U.S., 20% (100,000) made their fortune 
in
the last several years in MLM.  Moreover, statistics show 45 
people
become millionaires everyday through Multi-Level Marketing.
 
You may have heard this story before, but over the summer Donald 
Trump
made an appearance on the David Letterman show. Dave asked him 
what he
would do if he lost everything and had to start over from scratch.
 
Without hesitating, Trump said he would find a good network 
marketing
company and get to work. The audience started to hoot and boo him. 
He
looked out at the audience and dead-panned his response:
 
"That's why I'm sitting up here and you are all sitting out 
there!"
The enclosed information is something I almost let slip through my
fingers. Fortunately, sometime later I re-read everything and gave 
some
thought and study to it. My name is Johnathon Rourke. Two years 
ago, the
corporation I worked at for the past twelve years down-sized and 
my
position was eliminated. After unproductive job interviews, I 
decided to
open my own business. Over the past year, I incurred many 
unforeseen
financial problems.  I owed my family, friends and creditors over
$35,000.
 
The economy was taking a toll on my business and I just couldn't 
seem to
make ends meet. I had to refinance and borrow against my home to 
support
my family and struggling business. AT THAT MOMENT something 
significant
happened in my life and I am writing to share the experience in 
hopes
that this will change your life FOREVER FINANCIALLY!!!
 
In mid December, I received this program via e-mail. Six month's 
prior
to receiving this program I had been sending away for information 
on
various business opportunities. All of the programs I received, in 
my
opinion, were not cost effective. They were either too difficult 
for me
to comprehend or the initial investment was too much for me to 
risk to
see if they would work or not. One claimed that I would make a 
million
dollars in one year...it didn't tell me I'd have to write a book 
to make
it!
 
But like I was saying, in December of 1997 I received this 
program. I
didn't send for it, or ask for it, they just got my name off a 
mailing
list. THANK GOODNESS FOR THAT!!! After reading it several times, 
to make
sure I was reading it correctly, I couldn't believe my eyes. Here 
was a
MONEY MAKING PHENOMENON. I could invest as much as I wanted to 
start,
without putting me further into debt. After I got a pencil and 
paper and
figured it out, I would at least get my money back. But like most 
of you
I was still a little skeptical and a little worried about the 
legal
aspects of it all. So I checked it out with the U.S. Post Office
(1-800-725-2161 24-hrs) and they confirmed that it is indeed 
legal!
After determining the program was LEGAL and NOT A CHAIN LETTER, I
decided "WHY NOT."
 
Initially I sent out 10,000 e-mails. It cost me about $15 for my 
time
on-line. The great thing about e-mail is that I don't need any 
money for
printing to send out the program, and because all of my orders are
fulfilled via e-mail, my only expense is my time. I am telling you 
like
it is I hope it doesn't turn you off, but I promised myself that I 
would
not "rip-off" anyone, no matter how much money it made me.
 
In less than one week, I was starting to receive orders for REPORT 
#1 By
January 13, I had received 26 orders for REPORT #1. Your goal is 
to
"RECEIVE at least 20 ORDERS FOR REPORT #1 WITHIN 2 WEEKS. IF YOU 
DON'T,
SEND OUT MORE PROGRAMS UNTIL YOU DO!" My first step in making 
$50,000 in
90 days was done.  By January 30, I had received 196 orders for 
REPORT
#2. Your goal is to "RECEIVE AT LEAST 100+ ORDERS FOR REPORT #2 
WITHIN 2
WEEKS. IF NOT, SEND OUT MORE PROGRAMS UNTIL YOU DO. ONCE YOU HAVE 
100
ORDERS, THE REST IS EASY, RELAX, YOU WILL MAKE YOUR $50,000 GOAL." 
Well,
I had 196 orders for REPORT #2, 96 more than I needed. So I sat 
back and
relaxed. By March 1, of my e-mailing of 10,000, I received $58,000 
with
more coming in every day.
 
I paid off ALL my debts and bought a much-needed new car. Please 
take
time to read the attached program, IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE 
FOREVER!!  !
Remember, it won't work if you don't try it. This program does 
work, but
you must follow it EXACTLY! Especially the rules of not trying to 
place
your name in a different place. It won't work and you'll lose out 
on a
lot of money!
 
In order for this program to work, you must meet your goal of 20+ 
orders
for REPORT #1, and 100+ orders for REPORT #2 and you will make 
$50,000
or more in 90 days. I AM LIVING PROOF THAT IT WORKS!!!
 
If you choose not to participate in this program, I am sorry. It 
really
is a great opportunity with little cost or risk to you. If you 
choose to
participate, follow the program and you will be on your way to 
financial
security. If you are a fellow business owner and are in financial
trouble like I was, or you want to start your own business, 
consider
this a sign. I DID!
 
Sincerely,
Johnathon Rourke
 
A PERSONAL NOTE FROM THE ORIGINATOR OF THIS PROGRAM:
By the time you have read the enclosed program and reports, you 
should
have concluded that such a program, and one that is legal, could 
not
have been created by an amateur.
 
Let me tell you a little about myself. I had a profitable business 
for
10 years. Then in 1979 my business began falling off. I was doing 
the
same things that were previously successful for me, but it wasn't
working. Finally, I figured it out. It wasn't me, it was the 
economy.
Inflation and recession had replaced the stable economy that had 
been
with us since 1945.I don't have to tell you what happened to the
unemployment rate... because many of you know from first hand
experience. There were more failures and bankruptcies than ever 
before.
 
The middle class was vanishing. Those who knew what they were 
doing
invested wisely and moved up. Those who did not, including those 
who
never had anything to save or invest, were moving down into the 
ranks of
the poor. As the saying goes, "THE RICH GET RICHER AND THE POOR 
GET
POORER." The traditional methods of making money will never allow 
you to
"move up" or "get rich", inflation will see to that.
 
You have just received information that can give you financial 
freedom
for the rest of your life, with "NO RISK" and "JUST A LITTLE BIT 
OF
EFFORT." You can make more money in the next few months than you 
have
ever imagined. I should also point out that I will not see a penny 
of
this money, nor anyone else who has provided a testimonial for 
this
program. I have already made over 4 MILLION DOLLARS! I have 
retired from
the program after sending thousands and thousands of programs.
 
Follow the program EXACTLY AS INSTRUCTED. Do not change it in any 
way.
It works exceedingly well as it is now. Remember to e-mail a copy 
of
this exciting report to everyone you can think of. One of the 
people you
send this to may send out 50,000...and your name will be on every 
one of
them!
 
Remember though, the more you send out the more potential 
customers you
will reach.
 
So my friend, I have given you the ideas, information, materials 
and
opportunity to become financially independent. IT IS UP TO YOU 
NOW!
 
"THINK ABOUT IT"
 
Before you delete this program from your mailbox, as I almost did, 
take
a little time to read it and REALLY THINK ABOUT IT. Get a pencil 
and
figure out what could happen when YOU participate. Figure out the 
worst
possible response and no matter how you calculate it, you will 
still
make a lot of money! You will definitely get back what you 
invested. Any
doubts you have will vanish when your first orders come in. IT 
WORKS!
Jody Jacobs, Richmond, VA
 
HERE'S HOW THIS AMAZING PROGRAM WILL MAKE YOU THOUSANDS OF
DOLLAR$
 
INSTRUCTIONS:
 
This method of raising capital REALLY WORKS 100% EVERY TIME.  I am 
sure
that you could use up to $50,000 or more in the next 90 days. 
Before you
say "BULL... ", Please read this program carefully.
 
This is not a chain letter, but a perfectly legal money making
opportunity. Basically, this is what you do: As with all 
multi-level
businesses, we build our business by recruiting new partners and 
selling
our products. Every state in the USA allows you to recruit new
multi-level business partners, and we offer a product for EVERY 
dollar
sent. YOUR ORDERS COME BY MAIL AND ARE FILLED BY E-MAIL, so you 
are not
involved in personal selling. You do it privately in your own 
home,
store or office. This is the GREATEST Multi-Level Mail Order 
Marketing
anywhere.
 
This is what you MUST do:
 
1. Order all 4 reports shown on the list below (you can't sell 
them if
you don't order them).
 
A.    For each report, send $5.00 CASH, the NAME & NUMBER OF THE 
REPORT
YOU ARE ORDERING, YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS, and YOUR NAME & RETURN 
ADDRESS
(in case of a problem) to the person whose name appears on the 
list next
to the report.  MAKE SURE YOUR RETURN ADDRESS IS ON YOUR ENVELOPE 
IN
CASE OF ANY MAIL PROBLEMS!
 
B.    When you place your order, make sure you order each of the 
four
reports. You will need all four reports so that you can save them 
on
your computer and resell them.
 
C.    Within a few days you will receive, via e-mail, each of the 
four
reports. Save them on your computer so they will be accessible for 
you
to send to the 1,000's of people who will order them from you.
 
2. IMPORTANT DO NOT alter the names of the people who are listed 
next
to each report, or their sequence on the list, in any way other 
than
is instructed below in steps "a" through "f" or you will lose out 
on
the majority of your profits. Once you understand the way this 
works,
you'll also see how it doesn't work if you change it. Remember, 
this
method has been tested, and if you alter it, it will not work.
 
a. Look below for the listing of available reports.
 
b. After you've ordered the four reports, take this advertisement 
and
remove the name and address under REPORT #4. This person has made 
it
through the cycle and is no doubt counting their $50,000!  c. Move 
the
name and address under REPORT #3 down to REPORT #4.  d. Move the 
name
and address under REPORT #2 down to REPORT #3.  e. Move the name 
and
address under REPORT #1 down to REPORT #2.  f.  Insert your 
name/address
in the REPORT #1 position.
 
Please make sure you COPY ALL INFORMATION, every name and address,
ACCURATELY!
 
3. Take this entire letter, including the modified list of names, 
and
save it to your computer. Make NO changes to the instruction 
portion of
this letter.
 
Your cost to participate in this is practically nothing (surely 
you can
afford $20). You obviously already have an Internet connection and
e-mail is FREE!
 
There are two primary methods of building your downline:
 
METHOD #1: SENDING BULK E-MAIL
 
Let's say that you decide to start small, just to see how it goes, 
and
we'll assume you and all those involved send out only 2,000 
programs
each. Let's also assume that the mailing receives a 0.5% response. 
Using
a good list the response could be much better. Also, many people 
will
send out hundreds of thousands of programs instead of 2,000. But
continuing with this example, you send out only 2,000 programs. 
With a
0.5% response, that is only 10 orders for REPORT #1. Those 10 
people
respond by sending out 2,000 programs each for a total of 20,000. 
Out of
those 0.5%, 100 people respond and order REPORT #2. Those 100 mail 
out
2,000 programs each for a total of 200,000.
 
The 0.5% response to that is 1,000 orders for REPORT #3. Those 
1,000
send out 2,000 programs each for a 2,000,000 total. The 0.5% 
response to
that is 10,000 orders for REPORT #4. That's 10,000 $5 bills for 
you.
CASH!!! Your total income in this example is $50 + $500 + $5,000 +
$50,000 for a total of $55,550!!! REMEMBER FRIEND, THIS IS 
ASSUMING
1,990 OUT OF THE 2,000 PEOPLE YOU MAIL TO WILL DO ABSOLUTELY 
NOTHING AND
TRASH THIS PROGRAM! DARE TO THINK FOR A MOMENT WHAT WOULD HAPPEN 
IF
EVERYONE, OR HALF SENT OUT 100,000 PROGRAMS INSTEAD OF 2,000.  
Believe
me, many people will do just that, and more! By the way, your cost 
to
participate in this is practically nothing.  You obviously already 
have
an Internet connection and e-mail is FREE!!! REPORT #2 will show 
you the
best methods for bulk e-mailing, tell you where to obtain free 
bulk
e-mail software and where to obtain e-mail lists.
 
METHOD #2 - PLACING FREE ADS ON THE INTERNET
 
Advertising on the Internet is very, very inexpensive, and there 
are
HUNDREDS of FREE places to advertise. Let's say you decide to 
start
small just to see how well it works. Assume your goal is to get 
ONLY 10
people to participate on your first level. (Placing a lot of FREE 
ads on
the Internet will EASILY get a larger response.) Also assume that
everyone else in YOUR ORGANIZATION gets ONLY 10 downline members.
Follow this example to achieve the STAGGERING results below:
 
1st level-your 10 members with
 
$5.......................................$50
2nd level--10 members from those 10 ($5 x 
100)..................$500
3rd level--10 members from those 100 ($5 x 1,000)...........$5,000
4th level--10 members from those 1,000 ($5 x 10,000).....$50,000
THIS TOTALS ---------->$55,550
 
Remember friends, this assumes that the people who participate 
only
recruit 10 people each. Think for a moment what would happen if 
they got
20 people to participate! Most people get 100's of participants!  
THINK
ABOUT IT! For every $5.00 you receive, all you must do is e-mail 
them
the report they ordered. THAT'S IT! ALWAYS PROVIDE SAME-DAY 
SERVICE ON
ALL ORDERS! This will guarantee that the e-mail THEY send out with 
YOUR
name and address on it will be prompt because they can't advertise 
until
they receive the report!
 
AVAILABLE REPORTS
 
*** Order Each REPORT by NUMBER and NAME ***
 
Notes:
ALWAYS SEND $5 CASH (U.S. CURRENCY) FOR EACH REPORT. CHECKS NOT
ACCEPTED.
 
ALWAYS SEND YOUR ORDER VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL.
 
Make sure the cash is concealed by wrapping it in at least two 
sheets of
paper. On one of those sheets of paper, include:
 
(a) The number & name of the report you are ordering, (b) your 
e-mail
address, and your name & postal address.
 
PLACE YOUR ORDER FOR THESE REPORTS NOW:
*************************************************
 
REPORT #1 "The Insiders Guide to Advertising for Free on the
Internet"
ORDER REPORT #1 FROM:
Ariel Solano
24 Seeley Dr. suite 217
M3M 2V6, Downsview
ON. Canada
*************************************************
 
REPORT #2 "The Insiders Guide to Sending Bulk E-mail on the 
Internet"
ORDER REPORT #2 FROM:
ET Aviation
Attn: Eric Taler
7 Mirror Place
Ocean Reef WA 6027
Australia
 
 
*************************************************
 
REPORT #3 "The Secrets to Multilevel Marketing on the Internet"
ORDER REPORT #3 FROM:
GWBS
PO BOX 789
CALDWELL, ID 83606-0789
 
 
*************************************************
 
REPORT #4 "How to become a Millionaire utilizing the Power of
Multilevel Marketing and the Internet"
ORDER REPORT #4 FROM:
KBTB JEWELRY
K.BRENDER
7635 W. WAGONER RD.
GLENDALE, AZ  85308
*************************************************
 

About 50,000 new people get online every month!
 
******* TIPS FOR SUCCESS *******
 
TREAT THIS AS YOUR BUSINESS! Be prompt, professional, and follow 
the
directions accurately.
 
Send for the four reports IMMEDIATELY so you will have them when 
the
orders start coming in because: When you receive a $5 order, you 
MUST
send out the requested product/report.
 
ALWAYS PROVIDE SAME-DAY SERVICE ON THE ORDERS YOU RECEIVE.
 
Be patient and persistent with this program. If you follow the
instructions exactly, your results WILL BE SUCCESSFUL!
 
ABOVE ALL, HAVE FAITH IN YOURSELF AND KNOW YOU WILL SUCCEED!
 

******* YOUR SUCCESS GUIDELINES *******
 
Follow these guidelines to guarantee your success:
If you don't receive 20 orders for REPORT #1 within two weeks, 
continue
advertising or sending e-mails until you do. Then, a couple of 
weeks
later you should receive at least 100 orders for REPORT#2. If you 
don
't, continue advertising or sending e-mails until you do. Once you 
have
received 100 or more orders for REPORT #2, YOU CAN RELAX, because 
the
system is already working for you, and the cash will continue to 
roll
in!
 
THIS IS IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER:
 
Every time your name is moved down on the list, you are placed in 
front
of a DIFFERENT report. You can KEEP TRACK of your PROGRESS by 
watching
which report people are ordering from you. If you want to generate 
more
income, send another batch of e-mails or continue placing ads and 
start
the whole process again! There is no limit to the income you will
generate from this business!
 
Before you make your decision as to whether or not you participate 
in
this program. Please answer one question. DO YOU WANT TO CHANGE 
YOUR
LIFE? If the answer is yes, please look at the following facts 
about
this program:
 
1. You are selling a product which does not cost anything to 
PRODUCE,
SHIP OR ADVERTISE.
 
2. All of your customers pay you in CASH!
 
3. E-mail is without question the most powerful method of 
distributing
information on earth. This program combines the distribution power 
of
e-mail together with the revenue generating power of multi-level
marketing.
 
4. Your only expense-other than your initial $20 investment-is 
your
time!
 
5. Virtually all of the income you generate from this program is 
PURE
PROFIT!
 
6. This program will change your LIFE FOREVER.
ACT NOW! Take your first step toward achieving financial 
independence.
Order the reports and follow the program outlined above-SUCCESS 
will be
your reward.
 
Thank you for your time and consideration.
 
PLEASE NOTE: If you need help with starting a business, 
registering a
business name, learning how income tax is handled, etc., contact 
your
local office of the Small Business Administration (a Federal 
Agency)
1-800-827-5722 for free help and answers to questions. Also, the
Internal Revenue Service offers free help via telephone and free
seminars about business tax requirements. Your earnings are highly
dependent on your activities and advertising. The information 
contained
on this site and in the report constitutes no guarantees stated 
nor
implied. In the event that it is determined that this site or 
report
constitutes a guarantee of any kind, that guarantee is now void. 
The
earnings amounts listed on this site and in the report are 
estimates
only. If you have any questions of the legality of this program, 
contact
the Office of Associate Director for Marketing Practices, Federal 
Trade
Commission, Bureau of Consumer Protection in Washington, DC.
















*













*

------------------------------------------
This message was sent to you by
Name: Your ATM
Email Address: cessna210p@yahoo.com.au
IP Address: AUGUSTINER
------------------------------------------

Using Aureate Group Mail Free Edition
Find out more about this product and try it 
for free at: http://www.group-mail.com/1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
