

From Webmaster@RobotBooks.com Sat Nov 27 13:19:36 MET 1999
Received: from proxy2.ba.best.com (root@proxy2.ba.best.com [206.184.139.14])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.9.3 (PHNE_18979)/8.8.6) with ESMTP id NAA01184
	for <fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>; Sat, 27 Nov 1999 13:19:34 +0100 (MET)
From: Webmaster@RobotBooks.com
Received: from c998836-a (c998836-a.smateo1.sfba.home.com [24.5.200.103])
	by proxy2.ba.best.com (8.9.3/8.9.2/best.out) with SMTP id UAA07620
	for <fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>; Fri, 26 Nov 1999 20:20:00 -0800 (PST)
Date: Fri, 26 Nov 1999 20:20:00 -0800 (PST)
To: fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk
Subject: Robot Books Update
Organization: Robot Books.com
Message-Id: <IW9XO383.OHP3UU0E@RobotBooks.com>
Status: RO
X-Status: 

************************************
*****  Robot Books.com Update  *****
************************************

We have made quite a few changes to http://www.RobotBooks.com 
since our last newsletter. When you visit us again, here are some 
of the new things you will find:


What's New:
*************************************

(1) "Applied Robotics" With CD-ROM

This book guides you through the steps of creating a small, 
rolling robot. It is a practical, project-oriented book and 
includes projects on the mechanical platform, DC motor control, 
R/C servo control, sensory input, and microcontrollers. You will 
be introduced to all the challenging aspects of robotic systems 
including mechanical design, sensory systems, electronic control, 
and computer software intelligence. Along the way, you'll also 
learn about fuzzy logic, subsumption, and microcontrollers.

"Applied Robotics" is now 20% off!

Visit our "Hobby Robots" page for more info on this book.
*************************************


(2) "Microcontroller Projects with Basic Stamps" With CD-ROM

This is a great way to learn about Basic Stamp programming. 
Basic Stamp is the brand name of a microcontroller chip that is 
widely used in the "brains" of electronic devices and robots. 
This book teaches the principles and processes of microcontroller 
development by demonstrating how to program the tiny Basic Stamp. 
The companion CD-ROM contains a tool that converts the your Basic 
program to the assembly language required to run a PIC 
microcontroller.

"Microcontroller Projects with Basic Stamps" is now 20% off!

Visit our "Robot Electronics" page for more info on this book.
*************************************


(3) "The Electronics Pocket Handbook" 

This book brings together the most important electronics charts, 
tables, definitions and formulas in one place. It contains all 
the component data, formulas, standards, symbols and codes 
commonly used in electronics, plus an extensive dictionary of 
computer and electronics terms.

"The Electronics Pocket Handbook"  is now 20% off!

Visit our "Robot Electronics" page for more info on this book.
*************************************


(4) "Mechanisms and Mechanical Devices Sourcebook"

This book is not new, but it deserves special notice because it 
has finally gone on sale!

This is our favorite book on Mechanical design, and one of our 
over-all favorite titles. It features an amazing collection of 
"pre-invented" linkages, cams, gears, clutches, brakes, and 
classical mechanisms.  The 447 large format pages with over 2300 
illustrations make each of the devices easy to understand and 
replicate. My copy is well worn and dog-eared from years of study 
and use. Many of the devices are just simple combinations of 
gears, links, chains, and levers, that are well within the 
abilities of the Sunday garage tinkerer.  We give it our highest 
recommendation.  Get your copy now at 20% off! 

Visit our "Robot Mechanics" page for more info on this book.
*************************************


(5) "Cambrian Intelligence" by Rodney A. Brooks

Will we build intelligent robots from the brain down, or from the 
legs up? Rodney Brooks, the controversial director of MIT's 
Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, is betting on the latter. 
"Cambrian Intelligence", composed of eight papers written between 
1985 and 1991, explores the technical and philosophical aspects 
of behavior-based robotics, offering much for the interested mind 
to ponder. 

Visit our "Robot Minds" page for more info on this book.
*************************************


(6) "The Unofficial Guide to Lego Mindstorms Robots"

Based on hands-on robot projects, the book features descriptions 
of advanced mechanical techniques, programming with third-party 
software, working with more than one kit, and sources of extra 
parts. It goes far beyond what you'll find in the official 
documentation.

"The Unofficial Guide to Lego Mindstorms Robots" is now 20% off!

Visit our "Lego Mindstorms" page for more info on this book.
*************************************


(7) Our subscription offer for "Robot Science & Technology" has 
been surprisingly popular. If you have not heard about this 
magazine, please visit our "Robot Magazines" page and take a look 
at it. The latest issue features hobby combat robots!
*************************************


(8) "Extreme Machines: Incredible Robots" Video

See fantastic footage of some of the worlds most advanced and 
amazing robots including shots of Rodney Brooks, author of 
"Cambrian Intelligence", putting "COG" through its paces; Hans 
Moravec, author of "Robot", explaining his vision for the future 
of robotics; a time-lapse video of Mark Tilden constructing one 
of his simple robots in less than an hour; the Honda P5 robot, 
which looks like a man in a robot costume, walking and climbing 
stairs; videos of several other robots climbing (or attempting to 
climb) stairs; a cool underwater crab-like robot; the six-leg 
truck-sized Adaptive Suspension Vehicle featured in the book 
"Machines that Walk"; Bart Everett, author of "Sensors for Mobile 
Robots", and his "urban warfare" robot that packs a small caliber 
machine gun; and get a sneak preview of NASA's 12 inch long "Nano 
Rover", the next planetary rover that will be making big news in 
an upcoming NASA mission!

Visit our "Robot Movies" page for more info on this film.
**************************************


(9) New Robot Dog from ROBOTIX includes a wireless remote control 
and four electric motors. Easy snap-together construction makes 
this the perfect gift for the roboticist in your family! 

Visit our "Kits and Toys" page for more info on this robot.
**************************************


(10) We have added a new line of classic collectable tin and 
die-cast robots. Perfect stocking stuffers! See our "Kits and 
Toys" page for details.
**************************************


(11) K'NEX Robot toy sale! Get your Christmas shopping done early 
and save 20% on our line of K'NEX robots!
**************************************

Visit us at http://www.robotbooks.com

If you have any suggestions or comments, please email me at:
webmaster@robotbooks.com


To unsubscribe reply to this email with the word "UNSUBSCRIBE" in the 
subject line.



Thanks,


Carlo Bertocchini
http://www.robotbooks.com/
